Add security.md (#1627)
devfile/api: SECURITY.md

# Reporting of Security Issues

The devfiles team takes immediate action to address security-related issues involving devfile projects.

Note, that normally we try to fix issues found for the latest releases of our projects. Backport fixes will be made only for exceptional cases, if the team has identified the need to do so.

> ## Reporting process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reporting Process
```

> When a security vulnerability is found is important to not accidentally broadcast to the world that the issue exists, as this makes it easier for people to exploit it. The preferred way of reporting security issues in Devfiles is listed below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a security vulnerability is found, it is important to not accidentally broadcast publicly that the issue exists to avoid potential exploits. The preferred way of reporting security issues in Devfiles is listed below.
```

> ### Email team devfile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contact Us
```

> An email to <a href="mailto:team-devfile@redhat.com">team-devfile@redhat.com</a> is the preferred mechanism for outside users to report security issues. A member of the devfile team will open the required issues and keep you up-to-date about the status of the issue.

Reviewer 2: We'll need a different contact email as this one can not receive external emails.

FYI @devfile/devfile-services-team

> ### What to avoid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What To Avoid
```
